Welcome to the English-Spanish Dictionary help section.

I. General Use
In the opening frame, you will see the main portion of the dictionary where
you may translate from either English to Spanish, or from Spanish to English.
The “Toggle Mode” button in the bottom center changes which way to translate.
See the current mode in the text directly to the left of the Toggle Mode
button. 
In the box that says “Enter word to translate”, you may type in the word that
you would like to translate, then click the “Translate” button. Its
translation will appear directly to the right of the Translate button, or an
apology message if that word does not exist in the selected dictionary. Be
sure that the correct mode is selected when attempting to translate a word.

II. Editing 
To edit the dictionary, click the “Edit Dictionary” button in the bottom
right. You must have an administrator password in order to edit the
dictionary. A window will pop up for you to log in. For running purposes, the
password is “admin”. 

Once logged in, a complete list of all of the words in each dictionary are
listed in alphabetical order, with their translations next to it. The English
to Spanish dictionary is on the left and the Spanish to English dictionary is
on the right. 

II. a. Add
To add a word to either dictionary, select the “Add Word/Translation” button
in the bottom left corner of the edit screen. 

In the screen that pops up, type in the word you would like to add in the
“Enter word” box, and one of its translations in the “Enter translation one
at a time” box. Then, select “Add to English2Spanish” if the word in the
“Enter word” box is in English, or “Add to Spanish2English” if the word is in
Spanish. 
To add multiple translations to the same word, simply clear the translation
box and type in the additional translations. 

The newly added translations will not show up until you close out of the
admin mode and log in again.

II. b. Delete
To delete either a word or a translation, click the “Delete Word/Translation”
button in the bottom center. 

If you would like to delete a word and all of its translations,  type the
word into the “Enter word” box in the top left. If the original word is in
English, click “Delete word from English”. If the original word is in
Spanish, click “Delete word from Spanish”. 
If you would like to delete only certain translations from a word,  you must
type in the original word into the “Enter word” box, and then the translation
you would like to delete from it in the “Enter translation” box. Then, click
“Delete translation from English” if the original word is in English, or
“Delete translation from Spanish” if the original word is in Spanish. This
will keep any other translations from the word. 

For all deletions, the other dictionary’s contents will be automatically
updated to reflect your edits.
Again, your changes will only be seen after you close out, then re-login to
the edit pane. 

II. c. Edit
To edit a word or a translation without adding or deleting an entry (aka
fixing a typo), click on the “Edit Word/Translation” button in the bottom
right corner. 

To edit a word, enter the current word in the “Word to Edit” box. Then, type
what you would like to change it to in the “New Value” box.  
Then, select either the “English to Spanish” radio button at the bottom if
the word is in English, or “Spanish to English” if the word is in Spanish.
Click “EDIT” directly to the right of the “New Value” box when you are ready. 

To edit a translation of a word, enter the word whose translation you would
like to fix in the “Enter word” box. Type the current translation that needs
editing into the “Current translation” box. Then, type what you would like to
change it to in the “New Translation” box. Select either the “English to Spanish” 
radio button at the bottom if the word is in English, or “Spanish to English” 
if the word is in Spanish.
Click “EDIT” directly to the right of the “New Translation” box when you are
ready.

Again, your changes will only be seen after you close out, then re-login to
the edit pane.